AMP-96376 - Add breaking changes warning in the migration guide to bring attention (#262)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/typescript-browser/migration.md

!!!info "Browser SDK 2.0 is now available"
    An improved version of Amplitude Browser SDK is now available. Amplitude Browser SDK 2.0 features default event tracking, improved marketing attribution tracking, simplified interface and a lighter weight package. Amplitude recommends the Browser SDK 2.0 for both product analytics and marketing analytics use cases. Upgrade to the latest [Browser SDK 2.0](../browser-2/index.md). See the [Migration Guide](../browser-2/migration.md) for more help.

!!! warning "Breaking changes"

>     Migration to `@amplitude/analytics-browser` may result in changes that can cause disruption to Web Attribution your implementation. Before you upgrade, you can choose if attribution occurs during a session, or not. After you upgrade, attribution can happen during the session, and is no longer configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Migration to `@amplitude/analytics-browser` may result in changes that can cause disruption to Web Attribution in your implementation. Before you upgrade, you can choose if attribution occurs during a session, or not. After you upgrade, attribution can happen during the session, and is no longer configurable.
```

!!!info "Browser SDK 2.0 is now available"
    An improved version of Amplitude Browser SDK is now available. Amplitude Browser SDK 2.0 features default event tracking, improved marketing attribution tracking, simplified interface and a lighter weight package. Amplitude recommends the Browser SDK 2.0 for both product analytics and marketing analytics use cases. Upgrade to the latest [Browser SDK 2.0](../browser-2/index.md). See the [Migration Guide](../browser-2/migration.md) for more help.

!!! warning "Breaking changes"

>     Migrate to @amplitude/analytics-browser result in significant changes that could potentially cause disruptions. We recommend checking the SDK documentation and the [comparison section](./#comparison) for detailed information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Migration to `@amplitude/analytics-browser` may result in changes that can cause disruption to your implementation in the following area:
```

    Web Attribution:

>     -  SDK tracks attributions with a new campaign on a new session or during a session, and it's not configurable. 

Author: Sure:
Before the new campaign will be caught on init (default) and if will be caught during a session is configurable.
After the new campaign will be caught on init and during a session.
